Newsletter november 2020 (#132)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: _posts/2020-11-18-UnetStack-Newsletter.md

- Numerous other small enhancements & bug fixes

[Download UnetStack v3.2 now](https://unetstack.net/#downloads){:target="_blank"}

We also have a few new blog articles that we are excited to share:

- [Time Division Multiple Access and long propagation delays](https://blog.unetstack.net/whats-so-super-about-super-tdma){:target="_blank"}
- [Harnessing the power of Julia in UnetStack - part 1](https://blog.unetstack.net/harnessing-the-power-of-julia-in-unetstack){:target="_blank"}
- [How to develop your own PHY with UnetStack](https://blog.unetstack.net/custom-phy){:target="_blank"}
- [Harnessing the power of Julia in UnetStack - part 2](https://blog.unetstack.net/custom-phy-in-julia){:target="_blank"}

Check out our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5sm2Hjyz7BqufEQainQbtA){:target="_blank"} for the latest videos about Practical Underwater Software-Defined Network.

## Unet audio:

Did you know that Unet audio is freely available from the same community edition and that it enables you to convert your Linux or Mac laptop into a UnetStack powered software-defined acoustic modem? 

> Read all about in the [UnetStack handbook](https://unetstack.net/handbook){:target="_blank"} (section 15.4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read all about in [section 15.4 of UnetStack handbook](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_physical_service.html#_transmitting_receiving_using_unet_audio){:target="_blank"}.
```

> ![]({{site.baseurl}}/images/pulse-unetaudio01.jpg){: .center-image  }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](/images/pulse-unetaudio01.jpg){: .center-image  }
```
